New `EntityBehavior` archetype for easy `visible`/`interactive` blueprint overrides (#9281)
rerun-io/rerun: docs/content/reference/migration/migration-0-23.md

For details see [#6889](https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/issues/6889).

### Overriding `Visible` and `Interactive` is now always recursive

Previously, it was possible to override visibility individually, but not recursively.
Also, Viewer interaction [was hampered](https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/issues/9254) by this.

> Overrides are for these two properties are now always recursive and can be done via the new `EntityBehavior` archetype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides for these two properties are now always recursive, and can be applied using the new `EntityBehavior` archetype.
```
